>> Shirley Wu: In this case,
what we want to do is use
a linear scale to map, actually,
the high,
>> Shirley Wu: Just the high temperature,
I think, to the radius.
>> Shirley Wu: And
then use an arc generator
to generate a string for
the d attribute of each of the paths where
the startAngle is the date and
the endAngle is date + 1.
And the innerRadius is the lower
temperature, and the outerRadius is
the higher temperature.
>> Shirley Wu: And
then return an array of objects where
each of the objects has that path,
that d attribute to draw a path with.
And if you want to give it a fill,
we can give it a fill.
>> Shirley Wu: So,
>> Shirley Wu: Any questions about it
before we start?
And this is the last of
the kind of data calculations
example.
>> Speaker 2: When you say the end
angle is date plus one,
do you mean add a day to the date?
>> Shirley Wu: Yeah,
so this one, again, a great question.
So, I think you can do it either, yes,
add a day, or you can kind of figure out
what the angle of each slice should be and
then use index.
And then, actually,
let's just do just that part together.
So let's calculate together.
>> Shirley Wu: The angle for
each slice, and I believe for this one,
it takes radians.
>> Shirley Wu: So
I think some things [LAUGH] in d3,
I think d3 operates in radians and
I think SVG takes degrees,
something like that.
So I always end up having to Google,
cuz, when I'm creating these things,
sometimes it will ask for radians and
sometimes it will ask for degrees.
And I think this one is radians.
But what I want to do here is
basically get the angle for
each slice and so
that should be, basically,
>> Shirley Wu: The 2 pi, divide by 365,
because I have 365 days.
And that should be the angle for
each slice.
So that's 2 * Math.PI,
divide by,
>> Shirley Wu: 365, or
in this case, I'm gonna just say
data.length, which is also 365.
And then what you can imagine doing is
that the startAngle is equal to the index
of your slice times perSliceAngle.
And the endAngle is just
the index + 1 of your
perSliceAngle.
>> Shirley Wu: So
I think that mightbe
the easier way to do it.
The other way to do it is l create
a timescale and then add a day for
the endAngle, etc,
which is a little bit painful.